Our objective has always been to make our literature available
to as many people as possible.
Recently, a secular book fair was arranged in the city of Guadalajara in Mexico.
Our brothers thought it would be the perfect opportunity to help the visitors learn more
about the best book ever written, The Bible.
Preaching where the people are is crucial and here there are thousands.
In a short time, we can reach people that we wouldn't normally find at home.
A lot of young people visited us here.
I really like how you have it set up with books and brochures.
The images have a lot of questions, but they don't ask them.
If God is so powerful, why does He let us suffer?
That's a question that a lot of people ask themselves since we think of God as the Almighty.
In a lot of times, that's why many people lose their faith.
One of my students is a Jehovah's Witness.
I was once able to get a whole of a copy of the book, Young People Ask.
And I found the information there very interesting, very complete.
It's really helped me in particular to raise my daughters.
Many people were surprised to learn that our publications are distributed completely free of charge.
What cut my attention is your generosity, offering publications without expecting anything
in return.
In fact, one person even seemed a bit annoyed.
He said, how is it possible that you don't charge for this?
He said, this is worth a lot.
We were very surprised by the public's response.
Around 30,000 publications were distributed.
In fact, just between volumes one and two of the book, Young People Ask, Answers That Work,
some 8,000 copies were placed.
One of the main objectives of our book was to draw attention to the content on our JW.org website.
To begin with, what really caught my attention with the video.
What has really drawn people's attention is they're being able to watch the videos for themselves.
That really attracts them.
Kids learn through videos, so it's very important for us as humans to teach our kids values using these different tools.
As parents, our duty is to mold our children into persons with good principles, good values.
A teacher watched the whiteboard animation videos, and that's what most impressed her.
She said she's going to use them in a classroom.
From what I saw, to me the site is very good, very educational.
I think it's great. You can help thousands of people right from the intimacy of their homes,
and it's very comfortable to consult Bible-based information.
If they had knocked on my door, I probably would have shouldn't have on them.
But I think this method is very different. To me, it's a lot more dynamic.
I was one of those persons who would just take the literature and I was like, just leave it with me.
Maybe I'll read it later.
I think that when we get a hold of a tablet or a laptop and we start opening web pages,
and especially the Jehovah's Witnesses site, you start seeing what you need without having to ask questions,
and especially because the pages are so eye-catching.
What's happening here is really important, and I think what you people are doing is great.
I was a completely different person before, but this has helped my family to be more united.
But fine results will undoubtedly come from this new initiative.
The Central America branch received approval from the service committee of the governing body for this event.
Such requests are reviewed on a case-by-case basis.